Article présentation équipe backend (#7)
etf1/etf1.github.io: README.md

```

### https://etf1.github.io

## Schema

> We used excalidraw to produce our schemas : https://excalidraw.com/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We used excalidraw to produce our schemas: [https://excalidraw.com/](https://excalidraw.com/)
```

Don't forget to push the original file to the repository (example : https://github.com/etf1/etf1.github.io/blob/prez-archi-mytf1/content/post/2020/architecture/presentation/images/persisted-queries.excalidraw)

> Once your schema is OK you can export it at SVG file and compress it with https://vecta.io/nano.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your schema is OK you can export it as a SVG file and compress it with [https://vecta.io/nano](https://vecta.io/nano).
```
